Python Auto Typer Tool
Developed by SanStudio

This script automates typing text from a .txt file into any active text field on your computer. It simulates human typing and includes several features for customization.

Features
File-Based Input: Reads text directly from an input.txt file.

Dynamic Reloading: Automatically reloads the input.txt file if its content is changed, without needing to restart the script.

Hotkey Control:

Press F8 to start or resume typing.

Press ESC to immediately stop or pause typing.

Adjustable Typing Speed:

Set a fixed delay between keystrokes.

Enable a random delay to simulate natural, human-like typing.

Configurable Modes:

Loop Mode: Type the entire text file repeatedly.

Skip Empty Lines: Choose whether to type out blank lines or ignore them.

Paste Mode: Instantly paste each line instead of typing character by character (Note: This is very fast and may be detected by some systems).

Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have Python installed on your system. You will also need to install two Python packages: pyautogui and keyboard.

You can install them using pip:

pip install pyautogui keyboard

Note: On macOS, you may need to grant accessibility permissions to your terminal or IDE. On Linux, you might need to install scrot and python3-tk (sudo apt-get install scrot python3-tk).

How to Run the Script
Save the Files: Place both autotyper.py and input.txt in the same directory.

Customize input.txt: Open input.txt with any text editor and replace the sample content with the text you want to be typed. Save the file.

Configure the Script (Optional): Open autotyper.py. At the top of the file, you can change the configuration variables to match your needs (e.g., change hotkeys, adjust typing speed, enable looping).

Run from Terminal:

Open a terminal or command prompt.

Navigate to the directory where you saved the files.

Execute the script using the following command:

python autotyper.py

Start Typing:

The terminal will show a message indicating that the script is running.

Click on any text box where you want the text to be typed (e.g., a text editor, a web browser form, a word processor).

Press the F8 key. The script will begin typing the content from input.txt.

Stop Typing:

To stop the typing process at any time, press the ESC key.

You can resume typing from the beginning by pressing F8 again.

Terminate the Script: To completely stop the script, go back to the terminal window and press Ctrl + C.

Important Notes
Permissions: The script controls your keyboard, so your operating system might require you to grant permissions for it to work correctly.

Focus: Make sure the cursor is in the correct window and text field before you press the start hotkey (F8). The script will type wherever the cursor is active.
